# buoyancy-energy-storage
The utility model relates to an energy storage method combining pumped storage with buoyancy energy storage

                                                A New Scheme for Floating Energy Storage 
                                                                                          Author: Chen Neng 
                                                                                          Infiot@163.com 
Introduction
	
The principle of a pumped storage power station is to pump water to a high place or discharge it to a low place, and store electrical energy by converting the gravitational potential energy of water into electrical energy. Can we change our mindset and see if there will be a significant change if we replace the water stored in a reservoir that moves up and down to store gravitational potential energy with a reservoir that moves up and down to store water?
	Imagine a ten thousand ton ship floating on the sea, with valves installed at the bottom of the ship's hold. Open the valves and seawater flows into the hold, causing the ship to slowly sink into the water. When the ship is about to sink to the deck, close the water valves. Then reverse the operation, using a pump to discharge the water from the cabin, the ship will gradually float higher and higher. Install a hydroelectric generator at the valve in the cabin to generate electricity when the ship sinks, converting the ship's gravitational potential energy into electrical energy. When pumping water, electricity is consumed and converted into the gravitational potential energy of the ship. In order to save costs and improve efficiency, the giant ship was replaced with a large reservoir for water storage. The reservoir is shaped like a bucket and floats on the sea surface. The amount of water in the bucket is adjusted to control its float and sink, ultimately achieving energy storage similar to pumped storage power stations!
Based on	 the 	above concepts,	 the 	author	 has 	innovatively invented a buoyancy energy storage system solution.	 The 	design principle of this plan	 is 	now publicly disclosed to	 the 	society. This technical solution has never been used as a reference for similar implementation projects, and the feasibility, reliability, performance, cost, and other indicators of the solution are not yet clear. At the same time, the author's knowledge is limited, and there are inevitably many defects. Now, this immature solution is being proposed to attract criticism, correction, and improvement from people from all walks of life. I hope that this long-term, high-capacity, and low-cost energy storage technology roadmap can be implemented, contributing to solving the long-standing energy storage pain points in society, achieving the dual carbon goals, and ensuring national energy security.
